OK, let's get started.
So the first thing that we will do is we will build Docker images pretty much the same way that we have
been building so far.
And then we will upload those images to Google Container Registry.
So let's first go to our baby machine.
I've already started that.
Once we are connected, we will trigger a complete bill which will build the entire core base and it
will create the darker images.
So this is something that you will have to do every time you want to create Docker images.
So let's first go to our project directly in the road directly.
We have this script called Base System and we will run it without any arguments and you will say yes
to it because we want to do a complete build, which is building the code base, stating them to us,
stating directly, which is on this machine itself, and then building Docker images to that.
So far, we have been doing it in multiple different steps.
Now we will do it all together in just one step.
So let's say yes to this and this will do everything that is needed to build Docker images, so you
just need code base and trigger the script.
All images will be built on the machine that we are running this on the code base.
So while this is building code base and this will create the images, let's go and check our Google
container registry.
So for that, we will go to Google Cloud.
And over here, I have safe container registry in my favorites.
But if you haven't done so, then you can go down to CAC section and here you have a container that
is to if you click this, you'll go to container registry.
If you are coming here for the first time, it may ask you to enable the API.
You can do so.
And it may also ask you to try out Google Artifact Registry, which is an upgraded version of container
registry.
It's not actually an upgrade, it it's more generic.
Not only artifact registry can store Docker containers, but it can store and be in packages million
packages.
So if you have a very generic requirement of storing artifacts, you can use artifact registry.
But Google Cloud Registry is good enough for us.
Now this Google Cloud Registry is there in two or three regions.
I think it's there for Europe, for us and for Asia region.
So depending upon you are in which region using Google Cloud, you can select one of those registry
host and I'll tell you where it is needed.
So right now, this is good enough.
Let's just go back to our baby machine.
So here the bill is in progress.
Right now it is building Docker images, so we will allow it to be.
Maybe we'll have to wait for half a minute more, so we will wait for it.
Once this bill is done, then we will check all a little images that are there on this machine and then
we will use certain scripts that are already available.
To upload these images that we're generating.
The first thing that we have to do is we have to authorize this machine with permissions to be able
to upload oladokun images to Google Container Registry.
So we'll have to authorize this machine for which already there are scripts available and we'll make
use of those clips.
So this bill isn't the last step, and it's already done.
So now let's check Docker images.
So these are the images that we have on this machine.
So all the images that are starting with A.W. Slash, these are the images that we have prepared and
all the other images which do not have that.
We have downloaded them from Docker registry.
So we do not need to upload those images to Google Container Registry because Kubernetes can download
these images.
Docker registry images directly from Docker registry itself.
So we only need to upload those images that we have created and they start with A.W. Slash.
But before our daughter can actually upload these images, we have to authorize our doctors.
So this Docker command that we have on this machine will have to authorize it.
So let's go to Ben directly
here.
We have this script called GCP Authorize Docker.
We will use this script.
These are the contents of this doesn't do anything fancy.
It uses some Google scripts to authorize the host Docker on this machine to be able to upload the images.
So let's run this.
So once we run this, this will use Google or to for giving permissions to Google Container Registry,
so it is asking for a verification code.
So to get the verification code will have to click this link.
Either you can copy paste it or you can click this.
This will open another window.
So here you can choose the I.D. that you are using to work with Google Cloud, and you can give the
permissions once you say allow.
It will give you a code.
You can copy this code in this the code that is actually required at this place from where we got this
link.
So now our doctor is authorized to upload the images to Google Container Registry, and these are the
registry hosts that are available to us.
So our thought IPO is Google Container Registry data, that's what it is.
So this should be used by people who are working from us, and there is one more registry for the same
purpose.
People who are closer to Europe region or are in Europe region, they can use EU dodges silvertail for
people in Asia region they can use is shared or declared or to do so like that, they have these registry
host, so will make will make use of them.
In my case, I am in Asia region, so I'm going to make use of is shared or decode tailor so many of
these groups that we are going to use.
If you do not provide them environment variable of registry post, then it will default to is shared
or desired audio.
So you may want to change that whenever you are running a script which is dealing with Google Container
Registry.
So the first group that is going to deal with that is pushing this script.
For that, we will go to whom there our project who directly and there we have Google in this.
So we will go into Google and it is directly here we have this GCP push.
You may just start as its file.
Let's just open this.
So this assumes that if you do not provide the revision I.D. version of the Docker images, then it
will assume you test and if you do not provide a registry host environment variable, it will assume
is shared or GCR or to you.
If you do not want that, then you can edit that script.
So let's say you want this the excess yield or decoder to you, then you can come in this first line
and set it to EU or or tell you so let's say if you are in US vision, then you can change this to us
or decoder to you because I'm in Asia region, so I'm going to use a shared GCR order.
OK.
So we are going to use that.
So all the images that start with A.W., it will pick up all those images.
It will tag them and then it will push the images.
So let's run this.
So it has stacked this anti WSB image with a shadow decoder deal, and then the project name and D.W.
minutes is next and then the image name and WSB it and then it is uploaded to Google Container Registry.
So now if we go to Google Container Registry, let me refresh this.
So I see that there is indeed a blue directly created over here and there is a image.
That is uploaded to this Docker image that is uploaded over here.
So let's go to A.W. directly.
And slowly, we will see that all of the remaining images will get uploaded.
Let me close this down.
So now this is trying to upload services.
Looks like it is already uploaded, and all it is doing will be Web.
So let's just go to the A.W. directly.
Let's just differentiate.
So it was uploaded this service services Docker image, so that is there, so one by one, it will upload
everything.
So this is the way we are going to upload all the images on our machine very machine to Google Container
Registry.
So once so I'm going to close this session now.
Once all the images are uploaded, I'll come back and then we will create Kubernetes cluster.